# What is the word that starts the letter's a?

'a' is started from the 'a'.  
'a' is also a word. 'a' word's length too short. However, I don't know how to use it.  
'a' is very much used.  

[Oxford Dictionary's 'a'](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/a_1?q=a "Oxford Learner's Dictionaries link")

## a

indefinite article
/ə/, /eɪ/

1. Used before countable or singular nouns referring to people or things that have not already been mentioned.
1. Used to show that somebody/something is a member of a group or profession.
1. Any; every.
1. Used before uncountable nouns when these have an adjective in front of them, or phrase following them.
1. Used in front of two nouns that are seen as a single unit.
1. Used instead of one before some numbers.
1. Used when talking about prices, quantities, and rates. 
1. A person likes somebody
1. Used before somebody’s name to show that the speaker does not know the person.
1. Used before the names of days of the week to talk about one particular day.

---

**Use Case**
  
1
- *a man/horse/unit*
- *an aunt/egg/hour/X-ray*
- *I can only carry two at a time.*
- *There's a visitor for you.*
- *She's a friend of my father's (= one of my father's friends).*

2
- *Their new car's a BMW.*
- *She's a Buddhist.*
- *He's a teacher.*
- *Is that a Monet (= a painting by Monet)?*

3
- *A lion is a dangerous animal.*

4
- *A good knowledge of French*
- *A sadness that won’t go away*

5
- *a knife and fork*

6
- *A thousand people were there.*

7
- *They cost 50p a kilo.*
- *I can type 50 words a minute.*
- *He was driving at 50 miles an hour.*

8
- *She's a little Greta Thunberg.*

9
- *There's a Mrs. Green to see you.*

10
- *She died on a Tuesday.*

---

'a' has a lot of uses.
I'm glad it's not difficult. By the way, Quantities so much.
Well, have a good time.
