# prefix

Today, let's learn about the numeric prefix.  
Before we start, let's review.  

- anti: against
- co, com, con: together
- contra, counter: against
- ex: out
- hyper: excessive
- hypo: under, less
- inter: between
- intro, intra: within
- mis: wrong
- multi: many
- peri: around
- post: after
- pre: before
- re: again
- retro: back
- sub: under
- super: above
- syn, sym: together
- tele: far
- trams: across

## Today's words(numeric prefix)

- *uni: one*
  - *uniform*
  - *unisex*
- *mono*: one
  - *monopoly*
  - *monologue*
- *bi*: two
  - *bisexual (2022-04-14)*
  - bicycle
- tri: three
  - triangle
  - tricycle
- quadr: four
  - quadrate
  - quadrangle
- quint: five
  - quinter
  - quintuplet
- penta: five
  - pentagon
  - pentacle
- hex: six
  - hexagon
  - hexagram
- oct: eight
  - octopus
  - octagon
- dec: ten
  - decade
  - decimal
- cent: hundred
  - century
  - centipede
- kilo: thousand
  - kilometer
  - kilogram
- semi: half
  - semifinal
  - semester


Use today's words that make a sentence.

How about you which baseball team's **uniform** seems to be good in MLB?  
I like the jersey of the New York Yankees.  
I think you can wear it comfortably regardless of gender. It is **unisex**.

Managers do not have a **monopoly** on stress. 
Everyone has stress.

What is you are big stress? 

I can't mind control. I can't go forward or backward.   
I feel like I've lost touch with reality. I dislike doing everything, just all stop.  
After all, am I this remote? The lie is a problem's start.  
I don't fix it. So, I'm being punished now. This is a **monologue** alone.  
And it's true. Maybe I can't go outside.

**Bisexual** love seems to have increased these days. 
I don't know if the numbers have increased or if their self-esteem has risen and is being released.  
I'm in favor of same-sex marriage, too.  
I don't know what's social ethics. Isn't diversity the first virtue of society?  
When I was young, I walked hand in hand with my close friends regardless of gender, but not now.  
As an adult, I don't think ethical consciousness is the result of being taught.  
Everything is culture's footmark. Society continues to do so.  


That's it for today. I’m sleepy.

I will continue to write English sentences tomorrow.



